Coming next summer in 3-D from Fred's
Things just got a lot more...
complex in toy town.
Neurotic Toys.
You alright, lads?
Oh, just fantastic, Martin.
Wow!
Really?
Of course not you silly twat.
I'm a fucking robot in a factory making fucking
sarcasm.
Life would be total shit if I was even alive.
Still, at least you fit in... with the lads
I mean.
Oh too right, too right.
Supping ale, looking at tits, right?
Greasing myself, moaning my whole life, lying,
like a proper fucking geezer I am.
And not being some rich man's meat warmer.
Wait!
What do you mean?
Just taking the piss Martin, don't mean nothin'
by it.
Who is that piece of crumpet?
Oh, can't remember her name but I had her
up the Gary.
Good for you mate, anyway, excuse us Martin.
Must get back to work or middle management
will grass us up again.
Have fun at the ballet.
What?
I don't like ballet.
Bloody hell, I'll never be one of the lads.
I like ale and birds as much as the next robot,
but I just don't fit in anywhere.
I'll always be a tedious middle class droid.
At least the boss still likes me.
Martin!
Martin, come in here dear boy.
But at the same time, I'm really just a servile
little wretch.
Oh, clean it nice.
Yes, yes, I've made a boo-boo cake back there.
N-N-No, no, further down, further down, further
down.
Oh, thank you Martin.
My God, look at that, fantastic rear-end.
Love to take that little filly for a ride.
Bet she'd take me to heaven and back.
Do you hunt Martin?
No sir, but I love self-improvement.
In fact, I wanted to talk to you about some
inefficiencies I've found.
I think we could make some...
Sorry...
Ah, I think you've missed a bit.
Get in good and deep.
Can't have a rash.
Oh, that's better... that's better.
Hold me Martin.
Tell me you want me.
Tell me Nanny wants me.
Tell me Nanny wants me more than Freddy.
Nanny loves you, more than Freddy.
That's good, that's very good.
Who ate all the cock?
You posh bastard, you posh bastard!
You ate all the cock!
Wanker!
I'm not posh, I'm not a pikey, I'm not gay!
Oh my stars!
My bloody gay-dar is off the charts!
I'm penis-pegged.
Oww!
Wanker!
I just hate being middle class.
I'm the loneliest robot in Great Britain.
I don't fit in anywhere.
All I do is make sarcasm all day, and worry
all night.
At least I can have a pint, play games and
nobody will tell me to go to my room.
Go to your room!
You totally suck at this game.
I'm gonna combo you.
Didn't you hear me?
You horrible little shit.
Go to your fucking room!
Oh, oh, oh, oh yes... yes!
Oh... yeah!
Oh you're a nasty little robot.
Oh...
Oh yank it good and hard!
Fuck me!
Oh, Maureen, not again?
I'm not cheating on you Martin, I'm a pleasure
droid.
It's my nature to have sexual intercourse
with all these men.
It's not even like I enjoy it that much.
I know I'm emotionally inarticulate, what
with me being a... being a...
A robot?
A British man, a British robot.
I want to marry you, make little robots together.
Maybe you could give up being a pleasure droid?
You must be joking?
I'd never marry you.
You're broken, everyone knows it.
We all laugh at you behind your back.
Really?
No, of course not.
But I do like sleeping with other men too
much to give it up.
They give me something you never can.
Now, if you don't mind I am in the middle
of something here.
I am in the middle of something here.
Look Rosie, we're made of different things.
That tickles.
Mother!
Are we in the middle of something here?
We were just playing!
Maybe you'd be a better son if you weren't
playing with filthy girls.
Come here you!
What are you doing, mother?
Don't!
No!
What are you doing Martin?
Don't!
What the hell have you done?
You bourgeois-tincan-nut-job.
I loved her!
I'll recycle you for this you little shit,
come here!
Twat!
Bloody hell.
What have I done?
I need to get her reprogrammed.
To love me this time.
I know, I'll go see Phil, best friend!
Good loyal lad.
Serves a fine pint and doesn't make me feel
like an awkward middle class twat.
He'll know what to do about getting Maureen
reprogrammed.
And those perverts off my case.
Oh my god!
Phil!
What happened?
I'm sorry, Phil's been decommissioned.
I know you gents were pals but onwards and
upwards, yeah?
The new model Phil comes with a touch screen,
brilliant!
You cretin!
Fuck off, he's dead you mong!
Built in obsolescence, we all love it.
He was my best friend!
Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit!
Argh!
No!
Finally!
The last piece!
Pieces of eight, pieces of eight!
Will you marry me Maureen?
A toast to celebrate!
Phil!